Backport module for cats effect 2 series (#1041)
pureconfig/pureconfig: modules/cats-effect2/docs/README.md

# Cats-effect2 module for PureConfig

Adds support for loading configuration using [cats-effect 2.* series](https://github.com/typelevel/cats-effect) to control side effects.

> This module written for backport pureconfig to old `cats-effect 2.* series`.

Reviewer: nit

```suggestion
This is a backport of `pureconfig-cats-effect` to the old 2.* series.
```
